#Terms

I try to use language consistently. When I don't, it's a mistake, and usually the result of missing revisions. 

One of the most attractive things for me about Urbit is that Curtis is an excellent namer. I aim to only make 
changes where I feel it's needed. Ax has atoms and cells, and nouns, and almost kept a Nock operator. It isn't 
called Nock because a) it isn't and b) that's not my call. If Curtis wants to make a future Ax spec Nock 4K,
I would be honored, but don't think that's sensible. That's not a single Kelvin point change: Nock should be 
frozen and live eternally as the Ur template, spun from the Absu when the world was unformed.

Curtis, you mentioned the perfection of the clay pot. Your phonemes have that, and I lost interest in tampering 
with them after playing with them more. Replacing low y s with i might be nice; it might not. 

Mathematics doesn't share in that kind of perfection, it has a different kind. In that kind of perfection, what
you did is very, very hard and admirable, and what I've done to it is not an uncommon thing to have happen. One
person defines the domain, someone else improves the notation, and it becomes Engelbert-Humperdinck math. You're
Engelbert. Sometimes they both get the medal, but it never goes to Humperdinck alone unless the medal is French
and Engelbert is English.

I've replaced slots with branches. All the branch operations use 'slots', and we normally call the branches of a 
tree branches. Slots, I suggest, are what engineers call 'words' and Forth heads call 'cells'. I think the former
is asinine and the latter is great, but our cells are two slots wide, on an architecture with 64 bit slots.   

Words are words, dammit, and calling 64 bits a word is an abuse of words and the word word. Word **up**.

Forth uses `word` correctly. When I implement Ax in Forth, nouns are a type of word. Is that sensible? Of course
it's completely fucking sensible, to say that nouns are two words long makes me want to punch a nut sack. Sorry,
nutsack. 

In human language, it goes phoneme, word, phrase, sentence, paragraph, etc. In Forth, it's word, word, word. 
Word? **Word**, that's how we do in computers, we recurse. 

Paper cards? Card, stack, deck, hand, flop, whatever. Forge? Card, card, card, also stacks of cards and cards
that are decks and cards which have *been* decked. It'll do: folders that are folders of folders of folders
are hard to stuff into real filing cabinets, no one seems to notice. 

I like to think Looney Tunes prepared the world for many of the realities of a computer. Animation shares more
than a few abilities with our magic abacus. 

Ax doesn't have words either, it has 'symbols', which are temporarily assigned to specific nouns. There's nothing
meaningful you can do with an Ax symbol by redefining it, except confuse a human or a computer or both. 

I know Urbit also has "cards", and I'm off defining a whole different card that's 16 slots wide. It can probably
fit your cards without even slowing down, if not, one of us has made a mistake. Since your cards are nouns and 
mine are designed a) to be nouns and b) to carry nouns around, we should be good. 

Like, Urbit ships have a deck. Decks are how we aggregate cards, which are how we aggregate data, including nouns,
and decks are cards, and cards map to nouns. I am serenely confident that Forge decks, which are cards capable of 
holding e.g. UUIDs, will make cromulent Urbit decks. 